Ugh! (Woo!)
What up, y'all? Yeah
(Soundtrakk, what's poppin', baby?)
Woo! (Ugh)
If y'all ain't know
I go by the name of Lupe Fiasco
(Kick, push, coast)
Representing that First and Fifteenth, yeah, uh
And this one right here (Woo!)
I dedicate this one right here (Uproxx...)
To all my homies out there grinding
You know what I'm saying? Legally and illegally, haha
You know what I'm talking about? (Woo!)
So, check it out, uh
[Verse 1]
First got it when he was six, didn't know any tricks
Matter of fact, first time he got on it, he slipped
Landed on his hip and busted his lip
For a week he had to talk with a lisp, like thisss... (Ugh)
Now we can end the story right here
But shorty didn't quit, it was something in the air (Ugh)
Yeah, he said it was something so appealing
He couldn't fight the feeling, something about it
He knew he couldn't doubt it, couldn't understand it
Branded, since the first kickflip he landed, ugh (Woo)
Labeled a misfit, a bandit
Ka-kunk, ka-kunk, ka-kunk; his neighbors couldn't stand it
So, he was banished to the park
Started in the morning, wouldn't stop 'til after dark, yeah
When they said "It's getting late in here
So I'm sorry, young man, there's no skating here"

[Hook]
And so he kick, push, kick, push
Kick, push, kick, push; coast...
And away he rolled
Just a rebel to the world with no place to go
And so he kick, push, kick, push
Kick, push, kick, push; coast...
So come and skate with me
Just a rebel looking for a place to be
You might also like
Carrera Lu
Lupe Fiasco
Game Time
Lupe Fiasco
Touch the Sky
Kanye West
[Bridge]
So let's kick... (Ugh)
And push (Y-yeah, y-yeah-yeah)
And coast
Uh, uh, uh (Y-yeah, y-yeah-yeah)

[Verse 2]
My man got a little older, became a better roller
Yeah, no helmet, hell bent on killing himself
Is what his mama said, but he was feeling himself
Got a little more swagger in his style
Met his girlfriend, she was clapping in the crowd
Love is what-what was happening to him now, ugh!
He said "I would marry you
But I'm engaged to these aerials and varials
And I don't think this board is strong enough to carry two"
She said "Bow! I weigh a hundred and twenty pounds" (Woo!)
"Now, let me make one thing clear
I don't need to ride yours, I got mine right here"
So she took him to a spot he didn't know about
Some odd-end apartment parking lot
She said "I don't normally take dates in here"
Security came and said "I'm sorry, there's no skating here"

[Hook]
And so they kick, push, kick, push
Kick, push, kick, push; coast...
And away they roll
Just lovers intertwined with no place to go
And so they kick, push, kick, push
Kick, push, kick, push; coast...
So come and skate with me
Just a rebel looking for a place to be
[Bridge]
So let's kick (Ugh, ugh)
And push, yeah, yeah (Woo, woo)
And coast... (Yeah, ugh!)
(Haha, swanky)
Yeah, yeah!

[Verse 3]
Before he knew, he had a crew that wasn't no punk
In they Spitfire shirts and SB dunks
They would push 'til they couldn't skate no more
Office building lobbies wasn't safe no more
And it wasn't like they wasn't getting chased no more
Just the freedom was better than breathing, they said (They said...)
An escape route they used to escape out
When things got crazy, they needed to break out
They'd head... to any place with stairs
Any good grinds, the world was theirs, ugh!
And their four wheels would take them there
Until the cops came and said, "There's no skating here"

[Hook]
And so they kick, push, kick, push
Kick, push, kick, push; coast...
And away they rolled
Just rebels without a cause with no place to go
And so they kick, push, kick, push
Kick, push, kick, push; coast...
So come roll with me
Just a rebel looking for a place to be

[Bridge]
So let's kick (Ugh, ugh)
And push, yeah, yeah (Woo, woo)
And coast...
Ah-ha, swanky (Mm, mm)
 
It's Eminem, baby
Back up in that motherfuckin' ass
One time for your motherfuckin' mind
We represent the 313—you know what I’m sayin'?
Yo, they don’t know shit about this, for the '96
Ayo, my pen and paper cause a chain reaction
To get your brain relaxin', the zany actin' maniac in action
A brainiac, in fact, son, you mainly lack attraction
You look insanely wack when just a fraction of my tracks runs
My rhymin' skills got you climbin' hills
I travel through your mind and chill your spine like siren drills
I'm And twistin' necks of rappers 'til their spinal column disconnects
This is the season for noise pollution contamination
Examination of more car-tunes than animation
My lamination of nar-er-ration, hits a snare and bass
On a track for duck rapper interrogation
When I declare invasion, there ain't no time to be starin' gazin'
I turn the stage into a barren wasteland
Bust it, I let the beat commence
So I can beat the sense in your elite defense
I got some meat to mince
Some fruit to stomp, and then two feet to rinse
I greet the gents and ladies, I spoil loyal fans
I foil plans and leave fluids leakin' like oil pans
My coiled hands around this microphone are lethal
One thought in my cerebral is deeper than a jeep-full of people
MC's are feeble, I came to cause some pandemonium
Battle a band of phony MC's and stand the lonely one
Imitator intimidator, stimulator
Simulator of data, eliminator
There's never been a greater since the burial of Jesus
Fuck around and catch all the venereal diseases
My thesis'll smash a stereo to pieces
My acappella releases classic masterpieces, through telekinesis
It eases you mentally, gently
Sentimentally, instrumentally
With entity, dementedly meant to be infinite
Man, I got evidence, I'm never dense
And I've been clever ever since
My residence was hesitant to do some shit that represents the MO
So I'm assumin' all responsibility
'Cause there's a monster real in me that always wants to kill MC's
Mic nestler, slammin' like a wrestler
Here to make a mess of a lyric-smugglin' embezz
No one is specialer, my skill is intergialactical
I get cynical, act a fool then I send a crew back to
